Add ND version and site resources (DCNE-179) (#6)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-nd: docs/resources/site.md

```hcl
resource "nd_site" "example" {
  name         = "example"
  url          = "10.195.219.154"
  username     = "admin"
  password     = "password"
  type         = "aci"
  inband_epg   = "epg"
  login_domain = "local"
  latitude     = "19.36475238603211"
  longitude    = "-155.28865502961474"
}
```

All examples for the Site resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-nd/tree/master/examples/resources/nd_site) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (String) The name of the site.
* `url` (host) - (String) The URL of the site.
* `username` (userName) - (String) The username of the site.
* `password` (password) - (String) The password of the site.
* `type` (siteType) - (String) The type of the site.
  * Valid Values: `aci`, `dcnm`, `third_party`, `cloud_aci`, `dcnm_ng`, `ndfc`.

### Optional ###

* `login_domain` (loginDomain) - (String) The login domain of the site.
* `inband_epg` (inband_epg) - (String) The In-Band Endpoint Group (EPG) used to connect ND to the site.
* `latitude` (latitude) - (String) The latitude location of the site.
* `longitude` (longitude) - (String) The longitude location of the site.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should add security domain in this one too.

* `password` (password) - (String) The password of the site.
* `type` (siteType) - (String) The type of the site.
  * Valid Values: `aci`, `dcnm`, `third_party`, `cloud_aci`, `dcnm_ng`, `ndfc`.

### Optional ###

* `login_domain` (loginDomain) - (String) The login domain of the site.
* `inband_epg` (inband_epg) - (String) The In-Band Endpoint Group (EPG) used to connect ND to the site.
* `latitude` (latitude) - (String) The latitude location of the site.
* `longitude` (longitude) - (String) The longitude location of the site.
* `use_proxy` (useProxy) - (Bool) The use proxy of the site, used to route network traffic through a proxy server.
  * Default: false

### Read-Only ###

* `id` (id) - (String) The ID of the site.

## Importing

An existing Site can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its name (name), via the following command:

```
terraform import nd_site.example {name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing Site can be imported using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  name = "{name}"
  to   = nd_site.example
}
```

> ~> The values for `username`, `password`, and `login_domain` attributes will not be imported when the nd_site resource imports an already registered site from the Nexus Dashboard. Use the `-replace` option to change the `username`, `password`, and `login_domain` attributes for the imported site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> The values for `username`, `password`, and `login_domain` attributes will not be imported when the `nd_site` resource imports an already registered site from Nexus Dashboard. Modifying the `username`, `password`, and `login_domain` will not update the imported site configuration on Nexus Dashboard. Use the `-replace` option to force the site recreation and use the new provided `username`, `password`, and `login_domain` attributes for the imported site.
```
